{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16200\viewh13200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 Problems with Metro\
\'97 \'97 \
\
Metro Line is growing too fast\
- Need more money to finish ongoing projects\
- - Causes reduced bus service and increased bus fares to increase \
- - Less bus services makes it harder to get to rail stations\
\
Metro Trains are too crowded\
- Regarding Expo Line extension:\
- - \'93Very quickly the trains became overcrowded, as more people packed aboard the trains\'94\
\
Metro Trains aren\'92t on time\
- \'93The system\'92s biggest flaw is that it only knows where a train is if that train is moving.\'94\
- \'93It\'92s hard to trust public transportation for your everyday commute when buses run late or when you don\'92t know when the next train will arrive.\'94\
\
\
\
Key Insights\
\'97 \
\
Trains 5 minutes behind schedule are considered \'93Late\'94\
- LA Metro timings rely on Nextbus\
- The system\'92s biggest flaw is that it only knows where a train is if that train is moving.\
- - It\'92s NextBus that predicts the minutes to arrival by comparing it to Metro\'92s set train schedule. The Emeryville-based company is the lynchpin for not only Metro\'92s countdown displays, but also Google Maps and the GoMetro app, among others. If you\'92re relying on a real-time transit planner, NextBus is probably involved behind the scenes.\
\
\
LA Metro is fighting against an image problem. Unreliability is partially responsible: Metro Buses are having a hard time staying on time, with 21.4 percent showing up late in 2015 and 22.7 percent in the early months of 2016.\
\
Safety concerns is another reason. According to a recent Metro survey, almost 30 percent of past riders left the system because they did not feel safe. The Blue Line has a  particularly bad reputation with regards to safety.\
\
Letter from Servant Leader: \'93We\'92re also working to keep our system in good operating condition as we move 1.3 million people daily. Our buses now travel many more miles before needing mechanical assistance than they did in 2008: from 3,000 miles in 2008 to nearly 5,200 miles now. Our rail on-time performance ranges from 99 percent for the Red and Purple Line subways to slightly less\'9798 percent\'97for light rail, which often operates at street level and stops at traffic signals.\'94}