{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16200\viewh13200\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 User Types\
\'97 \'97 \'97 \
\
Who are the Potential User Types\
\'97 \'97 \
\
Metro Managers and Supervisors\
\'97 \

\f1\b Why?
\f0\b0 : Holding Employees Accountable // Presenting Reports to LA City \

\f1\b How?
\f0\b0 : Better understanding the metro\'92s overall health can be communicated up or down the ladder\

\f1\b When?
\f0\b0 : During annual performance summaries (potentially more often)\
\
\
Station Employees?\
\'97 \

\f1\b Why?
\f0\b0 : To stay informed at how generally the trains run (make better decisions)\

\f1\b How?
\f0\b0 : Quick view on how the train line they are apart of is doing (today, this week, etc\'85)\

\f1\b When?
\f0\b0 : At or before work\
\
\
Policy Makers\
\'97 \

\f1\b Why?
\f0\b0 : To understand where to allocate funds on the metro system\

\f1\b How?
\f0\b0 : A report they can use to understand the overall health of the metro with extremes called out (pinpoint problem areas)\

\f1\b When?
\f0\b0 : While preparing potential grants\'85\
\
\
Metro Riders\
\'97 \

\f1\b Why?
\f0\b0 : When planning trips ahead of time (days ahead) what will be my means of transportation\

\f1\b How?
\f0\b0 : Quickly know if the trains I plan to use run late or have delays on the day I plan to travel (\'85could be achieved with prediction/trends?)\

\f1\b When?
\f0\b0 : \
\

\f1\b Why?
\f0\b0 : To be notified when trains are experiencing a \'93major delay\'94\

\f1\b How?
\f0\b0 : Via a Push notification or SMS message\'85?\

\f1\b When?
\f0\b0 : While they are on the way or at a metro station\
\
}